Update Get-AppxPackageAutoUpdateSettings.md (#3671)
MicrosoftDocs/windows-powershell-docs: docset/winserver2022-ps/appx/Get-AppxPackageAutoUpdateSettings.md

This will return the Auto Update and Repair settings for a specific Windows App that has been
installed and registered to the signed-in user.

### Example 4: Get App Package Auto Update settings for all installed Windows Apps

```powershell
Get-AppxPackageAutoUpdateSettings -ShowUpdateAvailability
```

> Display available update information for all installed Windows Apps.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Displays available update information for all installed Windows Apps.
```

Reviewer: sorry, one more thing

This will return the Auto Update and Repair settings for a specific Windows App that has been
installed and registered to the signed-in user.

> ### Example 4: Get App Package Auto Update settings with showupdateAvailability

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
### Example 4: Get App Package Auto Update settings for all installed Windows Apps
```

```powershell
Get-AppxPackageAutoUpdateSettings -ShowUpdateAvailability
```

> This will return the Auto Update  for all  Windows App that has been

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This will return the Auto Update settings for all  Windows Apps that have been
```

> This will return the Auto Update settings for all  Windows Apps that have been

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Display available update information for all installed Windows Apps.
```

> installed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
